README.md, before:

This is a great foundation. You have excellent, results-driven content for your projects and experience.

I've updated your README to be more dynamic, professional, and visually scannable for recruiters. I focused on:

A Stronger "Above the Fold": A new intro and a high-visibility link bar for your key socials.

A Critical Fix: Your portfolio link (127.0.0.1) was a local address, meaning no one else could see it. I've replaced it with a placeholder for your live, deployed URL.

Better Structure: I've reorganized your tech stack into collapsible, categorized sections. This is much cleaner and more impressive.

Refined Formatting: I've applied standard Markdown formatting to your projects and experience to make them easier to read.

Professional Polish: I've rephrased some sections to be more active and confident.

Here is the updated README.md file.

Hi there, I'm Raghav Singal 👋
<p align="center"> <a href=""> <img src="" alt="GitHub"/> </a> <a href=""> <img src="" alt="LinkedIn"/> </a> <a href="mailto:singalraghav3@gmail.com"> <img src="" alt="Email"/> </a> <a href="[YOUR_LIVE_PORTFOLIO_URL_HERE]"> <img src="" alt="Portfolio"/> </a> </p>

I'm an AI/ML Engineer and Software Developer specializing in building end-to-end intelligent systems. I thrive on transforming complex data into actionable insights and engineering robust ML pipelines that solve real-world problems.

🔭 I’m currently building advanced Generative AI models and scalable ML pipelines.

🌱 I’m always deepening my knowledge of cloud-native technologies (AWS, GCP, Docker) and DevOps practices.

💬 Ask me about Python, C++, Data Structures, Algorithms, and all things Machine Learning.

🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools
My toolkit for building and deploying intelligent applications:

<details> <summary><b>🧠 AI / ML & Data Science</b></summary>


<ul> <li>TensorFlow</li> <li>Keras</li> <li>PyTorch</li> <li>Scikit-learn</li> <li>NLTK</li> <li>Pandas</li> <li>NumPy</li> <li>Matplotlib</li> </ul> </details>

<details> <summary><b>💻 Languages</b></summary>


<ul> <li>Python</li> <li>C++</li> <li>Java</li> <li>SQL</li> <li>JavaScript</li> <li>R</li> <li>HTML/CSS</li> </ul> </details>

<details> <summary><b>🚀 Frameworks & Backend</b></summary>


<ul> <li>FastAPI</li> <li>Flask</li> <li>Node.js</li> </ul> </details>

<details> <summary><b>☁️ Cloud, DevOps & Databases</b></summary>


<ul> <li>AWS</li> <li>Google Cloud Platform (GCP)</li> <li>IBM Cloud</li> <li>Docker</li> <li>Git / GitHub</li> <li>MySQL</li> <li>SQLite</li> </ul> </details>

🚀 Featured Projects
1. Dialog-Optimized Large Language Model (LLM) from Scratch
Engineered a complete LLM using PyTorch and the Transformer architecture to create a specialized conversational AI.

Built a data pipeline to process over 40 million tokens and fine-tuned the model for instruction-following.

Applied the model to a downstream spam classification task, achieving 95.6% accuracy.

Tech Stack: Python, PyTorch, FastAPI, Tiktoken, CUDA, Pandas.

[View Code on GitHub] (<-- Add your project's GitHub link here)

2. Customer Churn Prediction Model
Developed a Random Forest classifier that achieved 90% accuracy in predicting customer churn on a dataset of over 50,000 records.

Performed feature engineering on 30+ variables to identify key churn drivers, enabling targeted retention strategies.

Tech Stack: Python, Scikit-learn, Machine Learning, Pandas, Matplotlib.

[View Code on GitHub] (<-- Add your project's GitHub link here)

3. Malaria Disease Detection System
Built a Deep Learning (CNN) model for automated malaria detection from over 27,500 blood smear images, achieving 90% validation accuracy.

Designed a custom image preprocessing pipeline using TensorFlow/Keras to enhance model performance and reduce false positives.

Tech Stack: Python, TensorFlow, Keras, NLTK, OpenCV.

[View Code on GitHub] (<-- Add your project's GitHub link here)

💼 Professional Experience
AI Intern @ Feynn Labs
June 2024 – August 2024

Analyzed market data using Python (Pandas) to forecast a 12% growth trend in the cultural tourism sector.

Provided foundational data-driven insights that directly informed the company's strategic business plan.

Machine Learning Intern @ Learntricks Edutech
March 2024 – April 2024

Created an effective customer attrition prediction system that identified high-risk cohorts.

Enabled targeted outreach campaigns that increased customer retention by 20%.

📊 My GitHub Stats
<p align="center"> <a href=""> <img align="center" src="" alt="Top Languages" /> </a> <a href=""> <img align="center" src="" alt="GitHub Stats" /> </a> </p>

🤝 Connect with Me
<p align="center"> <a href="" target="blank"><img align="center" src="" alt="raghavsingal2002" height="40" width="40" /></a> <a href="" target="blank"><img align="center" src="" alt="raghavsingal2002" height="40" width="40" /></a> <a href="" target="blank"><img align="center" src="" alt="raghavsingal3" height="40" width="40" /></a> </p>

Commit message:

Revise README for better structure and visuals
Updated README.md for improved clarity and professionalism.

README.md, after:

That's a very common issue! The most likely reason the images are not loading is that you are viewing the README.md file locally in a text editor or IDE.

Most local Markdown previews block external internet requests for security reasons. The images (like your GitHub Stats and the badges) are not stored in your project; they are loaded live from the internet.

Once you push this file to your GitHub repository, the images will load correctly when you view the repository on GitHub.com.

However, I have updated the README file to use shields.io for all the social icons, which is a more modern, consistent, and reliable method than using the old simple-icons CDN. This will look more professional and standardized.

Please copy the code below.

Hi there, I'm Raghav Singal 👋
<p align="center"> <a href=""> <img src="" alt="GitHub"/> </a> <a href=""> <img src="" alt="LinkedIn"/> </a> <a href="mailto:singalraghav3@gmail.com"> <img src="" alt="Email"/> </a> <a href="[YOUR_LIVE_PORTFOLIO_URL_HERE]"> <img src="" alt="Portfolio"/> </a> </p>

I'm an AI/ML Engineer and Software Developer specializing in building end-to-end intelligent systems. I thrive on transforming complex data into actionable insights and engineering robust ML pipelines that solve real-world problems.

🔭 I’m currently building advanced Generative AI models and scalable ML pipelines.

🌱 I’m always deepening my knowledge of cloud-native technologies (AWS, GCP, Docker) and DevOps practices.

💬 Ask me about Python, C++, Data Structures, Algorithms, and all things Machine Learning.

🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools
My toolkit for building and deploying intelligent applications:

<details> <summary><b>🧠 AI / ML & Data Science</b></summary>


<ul> <li>TensorFlow</li> <li>Keras</li> <li>PyTorch</li> <li>Scikit-learn</li> <li>NLTK</li> <li>Pandas</li> <li>NumPy</li> <li>Matplotlib</li> </ul> </details>

<details> <summary><b>💻 Languages</b></summary>


<ul> <li>Python</li> <li>C++</li> <li>Java</li> <li>SQL</li> <li>JavaScript</li> <li>R</li> <li>HTML/CSS</li> </ul> </details>

<details> <summary><b>🚀 Frameworks & Backend</b></summary>


<ul> <li>FastAPI</li> <li>Flask</li> <li>Node.js</li> </ul> </details>

<details> <summary><b>☁️ Cloud, DevOps & Databases</b></summary>


<ul> <li>AWS</li> <li>Google Cloud Platform (GCP)</li> <li>IBM Cloud</li> <li>Docker</li> <li>Git / GitHub</li> <li>MySQL</li> <li>SQLite</li> </ul> </details>

🚀 Featured Projects
1. Dialog-Optimized Large Language Model (LLM) from Scratch
Engineered a complete LLM using PyTorch and the Transformer architecture to create a specialized conversational AI.

Built a data pipeline to process over 40 million tokens and fine-tuned the model for instruction-following.

Applied the model to a downstream spam classification task, achieving 95.6% accuracy.

Tech Stack: Python, PyTorch, FastAPI, Tiktoken, CUDA, Pandas.

[View Code on GitHub] (<-- Add your project's GitHub link here)

2. Customer Churn Prediction Model
Developed a Random Forest classifier that achieved 90% accuracy in predicting customer churn on a dataset of over 50,000 records.

Performed feature engineering on 30+ variables to identify key churn drivers, enabling targeted retention strategies.

Tech Stack: Python, Scikit-learn, Machine Learning, Pandas, Matplotlib.

[View Code on GitHub] (<-- Add your project's GitHub link here)

3. Malaria Disease Detection System
Built a Deep Learning (CNN) model for automated malaria detection from over 27,500 blood smear images, achieving 90% validation accuracy.

Designed a custom image preprocessing pipeline using TensorFlow/Keras to enhance model performance and reduce false positives.

Tech Stack: Python, TensorFlow, Keras, NLTK, OpenCV.

[View Code on GitHub] (<-- Add your project's GitHub link here)

💼 Professional Experience
AI Intern @ Feynn Labs
June 2024 – August 2024

Analyzed market data using Python (Pandas) to forecast a 12% growth trend in the cultural tourism sector.

Provided foundational data-driven insights that directly informed the company's strategic business plan.

Machine Learning Intern @ Learntricks Edutech
March 2024 – April 2024

Created an effective customer attrition prediction system that identified high-risk cohorts.

Enabled targeted outreach campaigns that increased customer retention by 20%.

📊 My GitHub Stats
<p align="center"> <a href=""> <img align="center" src="" alt="Top Languages" /> </a> <a href=""> <img align="center" src="" alt="GitHub Stats" /> </a> </p>

🤝 Connect with Me
<p align="center"> <a href=""> <img src="" alt="GitHub"/> </a> <a href=""> <img src="" alt="LinkedIn"/> </a> <a href=""> <img src="" alt="Instagram"/> </a> </p>
